[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Vegeta exploded onto the
scene with a display
of his newfound
Super Saiyan powers.
The Saiyan Prince further
proved his might
by reducing the
diabolical Android 19
to a heap of
twisted scrap metal
Meanwhile
Please, Goku Stay with us...
Cause if you don t
get back out there
and beat those Androids,
we re toast!
[NARRATOR] Android 20 has
escaped, taking refuge in the
rocky landscape to better
hide from his pursuers.
The battlefield has changed,
but the fight continues now!
[OPENING SONG]
[NARRATOR]
Piccolo s Assault!
Android 20 and
the Twisted Future!
Android...! Come on out...!
Show yourself!
Don t be a coward!
Blast! This terrain is littered
with places to hide
Which means I m going to have
to flush him out into the open!
Once I level the area,
he ll have to face me!
No...! What do you think
you re doing...?!
Hold on...! We re here!
[GERO LAUGHS]
Your energy belongs to me now!
No... He absorbed it!
Now where did he go...?
That mechanical freak
is faster than I thought.
[GERO LAUGHS]
He s become so
accustomed to tracking
energy levels that he s
lost his eye for movement.
I can observe his every step,
while remaining safely invisible
until there is
opportunity to strike.
[GERO THINKS] I still must
admit, I never calculated
for this level of
power from Vegeta.
What next...? Considering his
reputation for vigilance,
the most logical move would
be to return to the laboratory.
It is a step I would have
preferred to avoid,
but the situation has
forced my hand.
He s here, too!
[ELECTRONIC SOUND]
[GERO LAUGHS]
These fools are
practically lining up
to give me their power!
[GERO THINKS]
What a fortunate turn of events.
Once I drain all of their energy
and add it to my own,
I will be more than powerful
enough to defeat Vegeta.
[CRAZY LAUGH]
[SMALL ROCKS FALL]
Oh man
Don t scare me like that.
This stinks He s got to
be around here somewhere
...but I can t sense him.
[KRILLIN CRIES OUT AS HE SLIPS]
Darn I m not any
closer to finding him
than when I started...
Ah, man... This is hopeless
If I d known it was
gonna be this hard,
I would ve stayed home for milk
and cookies like Vegeta said.
Well its decision time
Who should I drain first?
Piccolo Second in
strength only to Vegeta.
His energy alone will
be more than sufficient.
That impudent Vegeta
doesn t stand a chance.
Where is he...? He may have
already slipped away.
No one can see us
I know where every last
one of your friends is.
[GERO] Now I believe you
have something I want.
[PICCOLO SENDS MESSAGE
TELEPATHICALLY] Gohan!
Gohan, come to me, quickly!
The Android The Android is--
[GOHAN RESPONDS]
I m coming!
But... Where are you?
[GERO LAUGHS]
Someone s energy is fading...
That way!
[GERO] Yes! You re almost
completely sapped of power.
You don t have
very much time left!
[GOHAN STRIKES GERO]
You arrived just in
the nick of time, Gohan.
How...? It can t be!
[GERO] There s no way he
could have found us so quickly!
Well Look who s finally
come out of hiding.
[GERO THINKS] Too soon.
I m not yet powerful
enough to defeat Vegeta.
I ll have to stall for
time and try to
take more energy
from the others.
[GOHAN] Krillin! Give
Piccolo a Senzu bean!
Yeah, okay...! Here
[CRUNCHING SOUND]
[GOHAN]
Piccolo!
Vegeta, back off He s mine!
[PICCOLO]
Don t you dare interfere!
If you re that desperate
for a spanking, go ahead.
[VEGETA] But you do realize
you ll just be providing
him with more energy, don t you?
[GERO THINKS]
Don t interfere, he says?
Excellent.
He s handing me another
opportunity to absorb
his strength.
[GERO THINKS]
And the second I do
This isn t happening.
I prepared for
every possibility!
I just let my
guard down, that s all.
That s impossible.
I can t think of a single reason
I shouldn t be able
to defeat him...!
I was far more
powerful even before
I added his strength to my own!
Even allowing for error
in my calculations,
he should not be able
to swat me aside so easily!
Well... from the looks of it,
I d say I m too late
I don t see Goku or any of
Dr. Gero s Androids anywhere.
The island is a mess.
What happened here?
I d try to go back further in
the time machine,
but I ve barely
got enough fuel to
get back home as it is
It d be risky.
Besides, the machine s
not very precise.
There s still no guarantee
I d land in the right place.
Energy... And from the
feel of it, somebody s fighting!
[TRUNKS] That s it!
They must have
chosen a different location!
That s got to be them
We have to get to where
that explosion happened.
It ll take us forever
to get that far
You know what s closer...? Home!
Let Goku and
the others handle it...
You re a mom You ve got
to take care of this thing.
Did you see that...? It looked
like the guy from the future!
[BABY BEGINS TO CRY]
Great...! Thanks... The little
monster just went to sleep, too
[YAJIROBE]
What d you wake him up for?
[BULMA] I bet that kid s
headed to the fight, too!
Which means we must be
on the right track. Let s go!
They re over there.
Wow, Piccolo... Cool!
[KRILLIN] He s so
strong... I know he s had
three years of training...
...but what kind...?
He s almost as powerful
as a Super Saiyan!
Why, you little--!
[PICCOLO]
Watch your back!
What happened?
[PICCOLO CHUCKLES]
I ll tell you a secret...
All of us have
learned how to amplify
our base energy in short,
intense bursts...
It s how we give our
attacks that extra kick.
You see, even if you
had stolen all of my energy,
it still wouldn t
mean a thing...
not unless you know
how to use it.
Hey, he won...! I knew
that guy from the future
didn t know what he
was talking about!
Didn t I tell you we could win?
No That s an Android...?
I ve never seen
anything like it...
I thought I had prepared them,
but I don t even know
what they re up against!
It s wrong This isn t how
things should ve happened.
[EXPLOSION IN THE DISTANCE]
Wait... The battle
must still be going on!
[TRUNKS THINKS] That Android
was nothing like the
ones I know from my time.
I don t understand it.
Were there three of them?
How much have things changed?
[GERO] How? I calculated
every contingency!
I left nothing to chance!
My understanding is that
the battle we re now fighting
originally ended with the defeat
of the others and myself
by two Androids.
[PICCOLO] But it would seem
history has changed...
Either you aren t quite
as powerful
as we were led to believe...
or perhaps--
We re stronger than your
precious calculations
accounted for.
[KRILLIN] Hey, we did it!
We didn t need Goku s
help after all!
[GOHAN]
Yeah!
I m a little uneasy about Vegeta
and Piccolo being so powerful,
but as long as they re on our
side, I guess I can t complain.
Hurry up and send this piece of
junk to the scrap yard...!
Unless you d rather I
interfere and do it for you.
No, he s all mine...
I m not in the habit of
giving bad guys second
chances like Goku is.
I ll finish what I started!
[KRILLIN]
Who s that?
Hey...! He came back!
Trunks is here?
[VEGETA THINKS]
What...? Trunks...?
Did he just say Trunks?
That s my son s name...
How can that be?
Unless unless
He s from the future!
[TRUNKS THINKS]
He s different, too!
[GERO THINKS] Now there s
another one! Who is he?
Where did he come from?
I don t have any information
on him in the database!
[GERO THINKS]
In any case
I ve clearly made some
terrible miscalculations
It seems I now have only
one option remaining...
I must return to the laboratory!
Is... this the Android
you ve been fighting with...?
I don t get it. He s not one
of the Androids from my time!
Wait, what?
[VEGETA] If this isn t one
of the Androids
you warned us about,
then what is it?!
I wish I knew
the answer to that.
So... Who ve we been battling?
Wait... What did he say...?
Who is this guy?
What s... going on?
Hey... You see that...?
I wonder who made that big
crater over there.
Look... I think I see people
just beyond those rocks...!
It must be them...
Only a little more to go!
What? Are you nuts...?
Stay away from there!
[BULMA]
Would you please just calm down?
I m sure the
battle s over by now.
If you take us any closer
I m chucking this kid out
the window, you got that?
Ah...Go right ahead
but Vegeta won t like it
I did tell you, didn t I...?
He s the father.
He s... Vegeta s... son?
This little brat guy--
I mean, this handsome baby
is you and Vegeta s kid?
Awesome Then let s hurry!
[BULMA]
I thought you d say that.
No Nonsense!
There s no denying this
thing is an Android...!
[VEGETA] You think that s
just a coincidence?!
Why does it matter if they don t
look like the Androids
of the future...?
Oh sure, we may have
changed history a little
but what s the big deal?
[KRILLIN] The whole
point of this battle
was to change the future, maybe
this is one of the changes!
[TIEN]
I hope you re right.
[GERO THINKS]
Now what to do.
I have to get to
the laboratory...
but if I fly, they ll almost
certainly catch up to me.
I ll just have to go on foot and
keep hidden among the rocks.
Hey, Gohan Am I crazy,
or is that Bulma?
Yoo-hoo!
Bulma, look...! There he is!
The Android! I thought
they d have it beat by now!
Doctor Gero?
It s too dangerous...!
Stay away from here!
That s it!
I was speaking the truth when
I said you had no
chance of winning!
The moment I m gone,
Numbers 17 and 18
will be here to avenge me!
Number 17?
Number 18?
[GERO LAUGHS]
[EXPLOSION]
[NARRATOR] The shocking
truth is revealed as the
battle for Earth s
future continues--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[CLOSING SONG]
[GOKU]
Hey! It s me, Goku!
What s going on? If these
Androids aren t the same ones
Trunks warned us about then who
the heck is this old guy?
[VEGETA] Oh, give me a break
I don t care who he is
I m going to crush him!
Him and every other bucket of
bolts I come across!
[GOKU]
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai
[VEGETA] Why won t he just
stay in one place?!